c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.exe
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.deps.json
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.pdb
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\SlutProj.dll
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.pdb
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProj.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\sverre.kallberg\Desktop\prog spel\SlutProj\SlutProj\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\SlutProj.dll
